DMB: hint at joining the matrix channel (#440)
ubuntu/ubuntu-project-docs: docs/who-makes-ubuntu/councils/dmb.md

This mailing list is public ([`devel-permissions@archives`](https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/devel-permissions/)), as are our general process and policy discussions.

You can discuss developer application matters on the {matrix}`ubuntu-dmb-public` Matrix channel.

> Applicants should join that channel even if they don't have questions to get passed the Meets link.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Applicants should join that channel, even if they don't have questions, to receive the Meets link.
```
